chore: refine developer docs (#101)
beclab/docs: docs/developer/install/environment-variables.md

# Olares environment variables

Olares provides a highly customizable installation process through the use of environment variables. These variables can override default settings, enabling advanced configurations to suit your specific requirements.

> ## Usage examples

Author: Also not sure about this.

Typically, we are dealing with the one-liner installation command. But how to use the “install.sh” as shown in the example, or how do we understand "Only applicable with `install.sh`.”?

How do we get the install.sh?

# Olares environment variables

Olares provides a highly customizable installation process through the use of environment variables. These variables can override default settings, enabling advanced configurations to suit your specific requirements.

## Usage examples

To use environment variables, you typically export them before running the one-line installation script. For example:
    
    ```bash
    export KUBE_TYPE=k8s
    bash install.sh
    ```

> In this example, the `KUBE_TYPE` variable is set to `k8s`. This will instruct `olares-cli` to install the full Kubernetes (K8s) instead of the lightweight K3s version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example specifies the environment variable setting `KUBE_TYPE=k8s` for the installation script, which instructs `olares-cli` to install the full Kubernetes (K8s) instead of the lightweight K3s.
```
